---WHAT'S NEW for Very Quick Wiki V2.7.x---

2.7.8

    Fixes
    
    - Fixed: 'mentioned on' behavior changes when attachments are indexed
    - Fixed: Wrong special chars handling in RSSServlet
    - Fixed: Wrong special chars handling in search box
    - Fixed: Non localized messages in top navigation bar History page
    - Fixed: vqwiki.PluginManager cannot find file
    - Fixed: Lists break without spaces-to-tabs enabled
    - Fixed: System claims lock is taken by someone else even when it is not
    - Fixed: When I use [[UC 0002]] as an internal link it does not recognize it as a link.
    - Fixed: Search engine index setConnectionTimeout (instead of setTimeout) causes deadlock
    - Fixed: set username accepts empty username
    - Fixed: Notifications: not possible in Oracle
    - Fixed: create_postgres.sql file missing in 2.7.7
    - Fixed: Export2HTML seems to be failing us
    - Fixed: Purge Deleted Topics not working with Oracle DB
    - Fixed: Purge Deleted Topics not working when using MySQL
    - Fixed: redirect: doesn't work with topic names surrounded by brackets ([[...]]) or backticks (`...`)
    - Fixed: Problem with function Export2HTML
    - Fixed: Diff.java license appears incompatible with LGPL
    - Fixed: Search in ExportHTML doesn't work.
    - Fixed: Issue with generating membership confirmation email
    - Fixed: VQWiki crashes on first use on WebSphere 5 (used to work)
    - Fixed: Deleted topic remains on recent changes

    Improvement / Patch

    - Added: Full support of Lucene Query Syntax
    - Added: Adding prettylink in the form [http://www.vqwiki.org | the quicky wiki]
    - Added: Add style class to tables produced by ####
    - Added: Unsubscribe link in mail
    - Added: Spanish translation
    - Added: Passwords should be encrypted in property files
    - Added: Add topic name to emailed "topic changed" alert
    - Added: Add option to disable prepending numbers to attached file names
    - Patch: Patch to add possibility of basic authentication support instead of cookie
    - Patch: Lexer to implement MediaWiki Syntax
    - Patch: Change "Jump to" - "Search" Buttons to "Search" - "Jump to"
    - Patch: Clean up top menu
    - Patch: Fix (?) database connection handling
    - Patch: Standardize coding style
    - Patch: org.apache.log4j.Category is deprecated
    
    Special Notes on version 2.7.8:
    
    1. A new security contraint was added to the web.xml file. This will implement basic authentication for VQWiki.
       It is turned off by default. To turn it on, uncomment the security-constraint section in web.xml and restart the application.
       Functionality: Shows a basic authentication pop-up so users can be authenticated against third party system.
                      (with auth-ldap for example) If it is turned off, the normal cookie method will be used.
    2. A new diff function was introduced. It uses stylesheet based layout, please also see the UPGRADE document.
    3. It is now possible to redirect to topics with spaces. If the first word in the content is redirect, the rest will be used
       as the destination topic.
    4. Passwords in the vqwiki.properties file can be encrypted now, see the admin screen.

2.7.7
    - Fixed bug in RSS feed where partial html codes in the description broke the feed
    - Fixed URL and i8n problem due to URL being encoded in UTF-8 and Tomcat trying to decode as ISO-8859-1
    - Fixed bug where a lock file is not deleted for topics with spaces (or other characters outside ASCII) in them
    - Added Norwegian translation
    - Added Polish translation
    - Added Swedish translation
    - Updated German translation
    - Updated Dutch translation
    - Added new documentation: the VQWiki Book, supplied in DocBook and HTML formats with the WAR file
      and downloadable as a PDF from the site. This new document replaces the old admin guide.

2.7.6
    - Improvements to the admin screen for quicker deployment.
    - Some fixes with regards to internationalization.

2.7.5
    - Addition of a basic preview option, including admin screen setting.
      Default behaviour is not to use it.

Bugfixes:
    [ 1029961 ] - edit.js missing
    [ 1205764 ] - Ordered list trouble
    [  814653 ] - admin-guide: wrong path for linking.properties
    [ 1060306 ] - RSS plugin: Rss plugin's keep setting produces nullpointer?
    [  837452 ] - Export2HTML Problem - worked 1 time
    [  998848 ] - External link shows up in ToDo

2.7.2

Added support for spaces in display-name for link extender, e.g.:
[c2:StartingPoints|C2 Starting Points]
Will render the HTML: <a href="http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?StartingPoints>C2 Starting Points</a>

2.7.1

Added support for actions to the plugin manager. Classes that implement vqwiki.WikiAction can be implemented and
placed in plugin zips. The WikiAction.doAction() method supplies the servlet request and response so there is now
no need to write new servlets and add mappings to web.xml to extend VQWiki functionality, they can be created as
plugins rather than in the main code stream.

Altered menu so that it picks up the "StartingPoints" link from the default topic setting in the admin console. If
you choose another default topic it will link to that instead of StartingPoints.

Added display-name behaviour to the link extender. A pipe after the section following the colon separates the
display-name, e.g.:
c2:StartingPoints|C2
Will render the HTML: <a href="http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?StartingPoints>C2</a>

Added Amazon default link extension that uses the ISBN number, e.g.:
amazon:0201485672|Refactoring
...will produce a link with the text "Refactoring" to the Amazon book details for "Refactoring" by Martin Fowler

Added Internet Movie Database default link extension that uses the IMDB id number, e.g.:
imdb:0246578|DonnieDarko
...will produce a link with the text "DonnieDarko" to the IMDB details for Donnie Darko :-)

Bug fixes:
 -Fixed the plugin manager so that it does not require a context restart immediately after installing
  a plugin
 -Fixed Resin-specific bug where redirect from logout link was redirecting to root context instead of
  virtual wiki context

2.7.0

Field on menu that can be used to jump straight to a topic by name, or to search for the given text
using the usual search engine.

Added "logout" link at bottom of topics to logout the current user. This is to enable virtual wiki
switching when authentication realms have been added to separate virtual wikis. Link will only appear
if there is an authenticated user principal is present.

"Minor edit" checkbox to optionally exclude changes from recent changes.

Added proper explanation for when less than two topics are selected in the arbitrary diff in history.

The "print this and how many pages below" form on the printable page version is hidden after being submitted.

Bug fixes:
 -Fixed problem where Tomcat 5 gave file not found errors if there was a space in the webapp install path
 -Fixed error in database mode about missing "FritzTextFormattingRules.txt"
 -Added missing return statement in SaveTopicServlet
 -Purging topics does not misreport the purging of pseudotopics (e.g. SetUsername)

2.6.4

Added proper back-link searching so that the "is mentioned on", OrphanedWikiTopics and
ToDoWikiTopics are actually accurate, i.e. instead of an ordinary search being carried out, a
lexer checks that the relationship is a proper link.

Added admin option to set whether to send more than one email change notification per topic per day.

Added admin console "panic" feature to delete all lock files and recent changes serializations in the event
that locks are unable to be removed through the lock list.

Bug fixes:
 -Diffing of topics with spaces in the name
 -Fixed some resources with no space
 -Fixed encoding of topic names in menu item URLs
 -Changed breadcrumb trail to display the resource name of the virtual wiki correctly
 -Made read-only topic check case-insensitive
 -Fixed failure to unlock topics with special characters in the name

2.6.3

Bug fixes:
 -Fixed bug with new "redirect:" pages
 -Fixed bug in option for separate title words on admin console
 -Added _en ResourceBundle to fix problem with Safari displaying incorrect locale
 -Fixed external linking breakage

2.6.2

Arbitrary diffing between versions on the history page.

Added admin setting to enable/disable indexing of attachments when search engine indexing runs. We have *very* large
PDFs as attachments and the indexing process was taking several hours.

Admin option for making words in CamelCaps appear as separate words in the titles.

Bug fixes:
-fixed backtick wiki-name match so that a pseudo-shortest-match occurs

2.6.1

Bug fixes:
 -RecentChanges failures in file mode
 -OrphanedTopics failure

2.6.0

PostgreSQL added as a standard database type (thanks to Andre Gauthier for the info on the
necessary script changes). Database type in admin console is now a combo box.

Added option "RecentChangesRefreshInterval" : When the user request the page
"Recent Changes", it takes long time to generate it. As this page is often
requested by users, because it briefly resumes all the updates on the web
site, it charges a lot the server CPU load processing always the same
information and producing the same page for different users.
With this option you can customize the lifetime of the RecentChanges page, so
different users requesting this page will get a "cached version" of the page
until it expires.  This greatly reduces server CPU load, speeding up the site.

DefaultLineBreaks is now by default set to 1.

CSS are now editable by remote as any other wiki page.

"Website-like" layout by Luigi. It's now possible to create a menu that will be
displayed on the left side of each page, a "Top Area" (for the site logo and
banner) and a "Bottom Area" (for sponsors etc.)

"AdminOnlyTopics" special wiki topic contains a white-space separated list of topics that only admin should be allowed
to read or edit. By default this includes AdminOnlyTopics, TopArea, BottomArea and LeftMenu.

Back-porting of JFlex from VQWiki 3 Alpha to replace the ageing JLex based lexical analyser 
generation. This together with the addition of UTF-8 encoding by Martin Kuba for flat-file mode should
clear up problems with non-Latin characters.

Admin option to set the encoding scheme - if you're already using ISO-8859-1 (the default prior
to using UTF-8) you'll need to set the admin option to ISO-8859-1 or convert your existing files to
UTF-8.

Czech translation by Martin Kuba.

Bug fixes:
- typos in default topics and "is mentioned on".
- Code clean-up (some unused stuff)
- Fixed \n added in bottom of each file read, that was adding a <br> in the 
  bottom of each rendered page. (WikiBase.java)
- fixed unclosed table tags in admin.jsp

2.5.5

Italian translation by Jacopo Giudici.

Explicit wiki server hostname setting in admin console. This can be set to make the server
sent out in email messages for the registration/notification system always appear as this server
(useful if you use multiple URLs to access the same server).

Database connection pooling (Jakarta Commons pooling) and DataSource support added by
Ernst Jan Plugge. See CONNECTIONPOOL_README and/or DATASOURCE_README in the Wiki
installation directory for details.

Various stability improvements.

2.5.4

Proper Oracle support added by Ernst Jan Plugge. See the ORACLE_README in the Wiki installation
directory under your webapps directory.

Bug fixes:
-spaces in key escaped in pseudotopics.properties

2.5.3

Ability to set a target for external hyperlinks. This can be set in 
linking.properties, e.g. to make all links to pages outside the wiki open
in a new window this can be added:
hyperlinks.target=#blank

Bug fixes:
-search indexing instability in file mode fixed

2.5.2

Tobias added new pseudotopic WikiStatistics that gives a breakdown of Wiki
usage stats.

Bug fixes:
-purge deleted in database mode fixed (didn't work with some MySQL drivers)
-tag error when adding new members fixed
-fixes for Lucene search indexing
-bugs with cancel/save under German locale fixed

2.5.1

Bug fixes:
-append template failure fixed
-admin console now adds and removes read-only topics for the current virtual wiki
-text area in history is read-only

2.5.0

Bug fixes:
-orphaned topics now working again
-whitespace problem in search results resolved

2.5.0 RC 2

Bug fixes:
-nested tag upsetting Resin removed
-admin console login/logout failed redirection on Resin fixed
-history was still wrong, fixed properly this time
-table text font same as body text font

Upgraded standard taglib to version 1.0.3, getting rid of the last edit date bug in the process.

Font size in pre/code/tables same size as body (except it doesn't seem to be on Mozilla - does
anyone know why fixed width font on Mozilla shows up smaller than sans serif?).

2.5.0 RC 1

I registered the domain name veryquick.org, so all the email addresses etc have been
changed to reflect this. The old domain is still active though, so don't worry about updating
existing links.

Virtual wiki list: clicking on the "Wiki" part of the page header (the bit before the virtual
wiki name) will show a list of virtual wikis that are available. This can be suppressed in
the admin console if you don't wish all users to see all virtual wikis. The virtual wikis can
now have friendly names set in WEB-INF/classes/ApplicationResources.properties. (Should the
friendly name go in the page header??)

Some further German translation by Tobias.

Bug-fixes:
-reserved word "user" changed to "wikiuser" for ANSI compliant database mode
-history was returning incorrect versions from main list and next/previous were the wrong
 way around
-clicking admin link defaults to admin username on login page
-breadcrumb trail respects virtual wiki boundaries (the trail gets reset on boundary)
-printable pages with depth > 0 do not include pseudo-topics (e.g. RecentChanges)
-Changed the heading lex behaviour to ^!.+[^\n]! ^!!.+[^\n]!! etc.

2.5.0 BETA 3

Mainly bug-fixes: fixed the RecentChanges problem where multiple virtual wikis were being
displayed on the default virtual wiki's recent changes. Various other stability issues.

Changed the heading lex behaviour to !.+[^\n]! !!.+[^\n]!! etc.

2.5.0 BETA 2

Tobias Schulz-Hess implemented Lucene as the search engine - full query syntax, search term
highlighting etc!! He has also added a breadcrumb trail.

Tobias also created an RSS feed: e.g. http://localhost:8080/wiki/jsp/Wiki?RSS

For developers: reorganized package structure thanks to J Carlsson's suggestion.

For users: the lexers now have the logical names vqwiki.lex.LinkLex etc when setting them
in the admin console. This means they will need setting on an upgrade, if you use your old
properties file so set add the .lex bit to each of the lexers names (see UPGRADE for more
lucid instructions).

Placing a file called "wikiname.ignore" in WEB-INF/classes that contains a list of WikiNames
(one per line) will mean that those names are not treated as WikiNames by the lexer (they
won't be linked).

Java2HTML upgrade - thankyou Markus Gebhard.

2.5.0 BETA 1

Improved performance of RecentChanges in file mode.

"ANSI-fied" the SQL used to create tables and to search the database. This means that
VQWiki should now work with most databases. Added an admin console option for "database type".
This defaults to "mysql", but can be set to "ansi" to use the ANSI SQL.

Topic redirection. To make one topic automatically redirect to another, simply make the
contents of the topic "redirect:TopicName". Of course, this makes it rather difficult
to undo a redirection, since any attempt to get to the topic will result in a redirection
to "TopicName". So, there is a forced edit format: "edit:TopicName" will link directly
to the edit of "TopicName".

Internal security management. The web appliaction security context is no longer used
for admin console authentication. The first time you run (or upgrade to 2.5.0) VQWiki
you will be shown a password on the first topic you access. This is the admin password.
The admin username is "admin".

Added new link-lexer "LinkLexLoose" that allows WikiNames to be constructed from words with
more than one consecutive uppercase letter, e.g. WiKIName. LinkLexLoose is not the default
link-lexer, but it can be set from the admin console.

Admin password change on the admin console.

Default topic setting on admin console - the topic set here will be the one that greets
users if they go to the base of the wiki context (index.jsp).

Topic total on all, orphaned and todo topics pages.

Lock list console with unlocking (requires admin login).

Extensible "pseudo-topic" makes adding new special topic URLs easier when writing
plugins.

Templates are now appended to the topic while it is being edited, rather than appending
on the topic save.

Commencement of the internationalization of strings, titles, captions etc.

Correct input and display of high unicode characters, e.g. Japanese, Chinese etc.

Confirming membership by email doesn't require the username cookie to be on a machine
already. If the cookie isn't there at confirmation time, it will be resent.

2.4.0 FINAL

Bug with env-entry explicit properties file setting fixed.

Added \__ to allow entry of double underscores (__ are normally the special character for
no formatting).

Three-spaces are not converted to tabs when inside a preformatted section.

History in date descending order in file mode.

Fix for bug with re-requesting membership confirmation in database mode.

2.4.0 RC 3

Re-introduced the "convert spaces to tabs" option on the edit page. Added admin setting
to set the default for this.

Fixed the way that the confirmation URL is produced when subscribing to email notifications.
The confirmation URL is now always based on the URL the user subscribed from.

2.4.0 RC 2

fixed web.xml bad reference to /AdminServlet

2.4.0 RC 1

If "force setting of username" is on, when the user is forced to set their name on an
attempted edit, they are redirected back to the edit after setting it, rather than just left
at the "thankyou" page.

Removed dangling reference in CSS to background image.

Infinite looping during searching for plugins when no user directory found fixed.

Further fixes for international wiki names.

Images uploaded as attachments now appear inline in topics.

2.4.0 BETA 2

Version browser - click the "history" menu item on any topic to see a list of the versions
of that topic. Clicking a date in the list produces a display of both the marked up version
and the original contents. The original contents can then be used to restore damaged topics.
The history view has "next", "previous" and "current" menu options so it is possible to scroll
through each version of a topic.

Fixed database mode locking behaviour, backing out editing a topic and re-entering without
using cancel now keeps the lock rather than acting as though the user has lost the lock.

Absolute URLs can be used for the customized logo.

2.4.0 BETA 1

New look'n'feel, courtesy of Joachim Lous. This includes the display/link-to of the current
virtual wiki in the header (if more than one virtual wiki exists)

Truls Thirud's fixes to allow internationalized WikiNames.

Extensible lexer system including Java source code formatting as an example. Surround some
Java code in [<java>] [</java>] to see the effects.

Extensible lexer also provides full HTML include: surround HTML in [<html>] [</html>] and
VQWiki will ignore the markup and output HTML exactly as entered.

Much of the scriptlet code in the JSPs has been replaced with common taglib tags and
custom VQWiki tags. This makes the JSPs a lot easier to debug and enhance.

2.3.6

Orion-specific fixes that enable correct operation of mail notification system and
printable page feature.

Occasional bug with security error on emailing fixed.

Combo-box to select the virtual wiki that you wish to purge deletes from.

OrphanedTopics are alphabetised.

The last character of the last cell in a table is not truncated.

2.3.5

Added attachment-type setting. Attachments can be delivered inline or as "attachments". Inline
means they get opened by the browser (in a new window). "Attachment" means they become prompt
for a download straight away.

The admin console reports which files were deleted on a purge.

Fixed SMTP authentication settings that weren't saving from the admin console.

2.3.4

Added the file upload size limit setting to the admin console.

Fixed content header delivery so the correct filename and type for the attachment is sent
on viewing.

Fixed IE-specific (it was working under Mozilla) file upload problem with full path names
being appended to to upload directory instead of just the filename.

Fixed problem with read-only topics not being deleted from the admin console when in file
mode.

Included activation.jar (email notification dependency) and commons-logging.jar (file upload
dependency) in the lib directory.

2.3.3

More rigorous save checking to avoid poorly written web crawlers saving blank topics.

2.3.2

A new line is appended if there is none on topic reads. This stops problems with unterminated
tables and lists.

Numbered lists were not working, they are now.

A code tag in the same style as the FritzLex has been added to the default lexers:
e.g. {{{here is some code}}}

An admin option to turn off templates has been added (in case you wish to conserve screen
real estate)

Updated quick edit help.

2.3.1

Fixed bugs in admin page - some settings not saving.

Switched to 3 pass parser: one for layout, one for format and one for linking.
The 2 pass can not put bold, italic etc in tables and lists.

2.3

Printable page link in topic menus brings up a page with just the header and contents.

The number of line breaks to insert in the HTML on a new line in the text can be set
from the admin console. This means you can squeeze everything up a bit by setting it to "1"
rather than "2" (which is what VQWiki has been using until now - the default is 2).

Extensible links. "links.properties" now holds expansions for prefix:url format links. This
makes it easy to add extra linking to other Wikis or internal web systems like WebCVS.

Sublists. Use multiple groups of three spaces to create lists within lists.

Improved attachment system. Special syntax for absolute path for uploads is not required. Content
is delivered directly by servlet rather than having to place the attachment in a location
relative to the JSP context. "mime.types" can be used to specify by-extension content types.
SmartUpload is no longer used - now using Jakarta Commons upload.

Improved text formatter. The lexing is now performed in two passes, this has meant fixes are
possible (and have been implemented) for strange list and table behaviour. A unit test for
the lexer has also been added to help with further lex enhancements.

SMTP username and password added to admin console for users who require authentication on
their SMTP servers.

Templates are now available in file mode as well as database mode.

2.2.1

Minor bug fix for issue with Apache/Tomcat delivering content to Mozilla/Netscape browsers.
A content-type header is now added explicitly, previously the HTML source would be displayed
instead of being interpreted when viewing pages from Apache/Tomcat with Mozilla-based browsers.

2.2

Email notification of topic changes is now implemented in file-mode and database-mode
(the groundwork for this was all done by Robert Brewer).

Maximum number of backlinks can be set (default = 20).

Fixed "Last Edited" date in file mode.

Fixed problem with list not working if started on the first line.

In file-mode, RecentChanges are now serialized via JSX to XML, so there will no longer
be a problem with upgrades making the binary file incompatible between versions. It will
be simple to write a script to update the file to any new change version.

2.1

Clicking on a topic title searches for occurences of that title.

"Edit page" and "Attach" links no longer appear when a topic is marked read-only.

Added "quick help" to edit page.

Added "virtual wikis", more than one Wiki can now be run from the single server
instance. All it requires is adding the name in the admin console and a single
servlet mapping to the web.xml file. See VIRTUALWIKI_README for details.

Added orphaned-topics search and all topics listing: "AllWikiTopics" and
"OrphanedWikiTopics" respectively.

Fixed database-mode search so that it searches on topic name as well as contents.

Added WikiServlet so all topic requests are directed at "Wiki". Redirection occurs back
to "Wiki" rather than forwarding, so the page can be refreshed after saving without
causing re-saving to occur. Dynamic topic requests are now intercepted by the servlet
rather than by the topic.jsp.

The logo now features a French Orca by the name of "Wiki". :o)

The Database support now uses a MySQL regular expression to do the searching, consequentially
it database support will no longer (sort of) work with MS SQLServer or other non
MySQL syntax platforms.

Format-ignore character is now two underscores rather than one so the underscore can be
used normally.

Localised date formatting on "last edited" menu item.

Tables markup using #### and ##.

Pre-formatted text markup using @@@@.

Menu at top and bottom of the page.

Added supported for a deployer-defined logo image.

2.0 BETA 2

Change from GPL to LGPL for licence on advice of many people. Particularly because of
the inclusion of non-GPL library code in VQWiki (log4j).

Added read-only topic support to database layer (previously only for flat-file mode).

Improved default topic creation, default topics are now stored as text files in the
class path rather than being hard-coded.

Improved error handling.

Added new enhanced text-formatter mode created by Fritz Freiheit. The new mode can
be toggled from the admin console. A new default topic called FritzTextFormattingRules
explains how to use the enhancements.

Noel fixed database connections so a connection dropped by the database is reconnected.

Added   entry for index.jsp to web.xml.

Made initial config more robust so it is possible to reconfigure from admin console
if in database mode and database connection fails.


2.0 BETA 1
MySQL database back-end support. The native file-system operates by default after
installation, but database support can be setup and started from the admin console.
See MYSQL_README.

Added new escape sequence __ that ignores any formatting inbetween.

Made TextFormattingRules a normal Wiki topic.


1.8.2 (not released, changes included in 2.0)
Moved the properties file to the classpath, using the Log4j Loader to locate it. This
will avoid problems with running the web container as an anonymous user with no home
directory and limited access to the Tomcat directory. It can found in WEB-INF\classes.

Made the Wiki file-system (home) directory changeable from the admin console. This can
be changed on the fly, but it takes a few seconds for the web container's class loader
to detect that the properties file has been modified and reload the handler... so an
exception will occur if the home directory is changed while running and then a page is
accessed too soon.

Added an "allow back-tick" setting to the admin console. This means that the back-tick
automagic WikiNames e.g. `ACM` can be disabled if required. Back-ticks are not a
standard Wiki convention.


1.8.1
Fixed lexer so that numbered lists appear correctly when preceded by a blank line.

Shawn created new locking mechanism where an error message is generated if the lock
that a user editing a document times out. Now they can not overwrite the changes
made by the person who acquired the timed-out lock.

Automagic links to c2.com and Meatball wikis. E.g. c2:StartingPoints, mb:RecentChanges

The topic names themselves are now indexed in the search engine.

RecentChanges ordering is now most recent to least recent.

1.8.0
Bill added switchable support for HTML, toggled from admin console.

Added https as a protocol that automagically turns into a link.

Fixed search engine index rebuild to refresh table completely (ooops).

Switched to using proper lexical analyser for tokenizing into the search
index so HTML tags are stripped and punctuation removed.

Changed JSP comments so that they are not output to the browser.

Added support for binary file uploads that produce an inline link of the
form attach:filename.ext. This allows the attachment of files to topics.

Added versioning cache to speed up finding where the previous revision is.

Added log4j as the logging engine (http://jakarta.apache.org/log4j).

Put all properties in a single properties file in the working directory.

Added security constraints to web.xml to allow administrators to setup up security
for allowing edit access to only some users. The constraints are commented out
by default.


1.7.0
Custom wiki directory can be set by placing a properties file called
"vqwiki.properties" in the working directory for the web container and
setting a property "dir" to a directory name (the directory will be
created by vqwiki on startup).

Topics can be made read-only from the admin console.


1.6.3
Work-around for Tomcat 2.x and 3.x to prevent exception when saving. This
problem should be fixed in the next released versions of Tomcat.


1.6.2
Fixed text-formatter to handle Unicode so non-English alphabet characters
can be used.


1.6.1
Fix for problem with backtick sequence only allowing one match per line.

Fix for terms with digits not being search-indexed correctly.


1.6

Diff capability.
Username cookies.

1.5

Improved UI.

1.4

Admin console.
Search engine.

Comments to vqwiki@veryquick.org
